​​---
aliases: ["2022.12.12 – 2011.12.16"]
---

**Month:** ==TODO==

## Goals

### Quarterly deliverables

+ [ ] ==TODO==

### Miscellanies & administrivia

+ [ ] MB sizing --> write up Geoffrey's results
+ [X] Data Eng --> find MOI/ERT flags, align on UAT, etc
+ [X] MBR
+ [ ] App Shop / Storefront collaboration around WIMS (Yingzi)
+ [ ] Rev Adj one pager (get Sales)
+ [ ] Thomas requests for EU(?)

## Details

### Planning Summits
#### Kickoff
+ Intent of Product 1-Pager 

[M] 2022.12.12:
+ Follow up with Finance --> cost per contact continues to increase (increased salary/comp) while NPS continues to decrease
  + take out the salary/comp increase to compare "how are we performing?"

+ Charlie Ary re Mobile: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vZ3G8Wo8zPqQFiyskqXBQtr7vbaEJZ3mUKjn340Yf5k/edit#gid=1131826585
  + MM is semi-synchronous, multiple Sessions (1 per interaction) roll up into one Contact (1 per resolution); 1.1~1.2 Sessions per Contact
  + Phone contacts, very accurate; Email, very inaccurate (overcounting by a lot); Chat, more or less accurate; SMS, somewhat inaccurate, counting Sessions (not really at 9.4%)
  + Perpetually understaffed for MM --> overnight volume of several hunderd conversations, clear out the queue in the morning quickly
  + CPOP, jump in queue-clearing exercise, etc. && decrease in handle time and concurrency --> what's MM WPOP, a lot of leadership questions around comparing Sessions to Contacts, etc.; individual ContactIDs are interesting (contacts per OP not contacts per Order)
  + Cost per Resolution --> north star vision, Finance
  + Germans prefer semi-synchronous or async --> stay close on what to present Thursday, don't want to create a hailstorm

+ CSAT
  + DE changes to PCSAT, are we excluding 30-day repeat CSATs from Chat
  + If we switch order of CES/CSAT question just for Phone (4-6 week test before adding CES to Chat), what's the impact on PCSAT, we need to align that with Sibi
  + Sibi, getting access to CES data, what does it change if we have access
  + work directly with Surya to have offshore team scrape CES --> VOC presentation/roadshow at end of Q1, be a meeting with Sanjeev/Thomas etc to share what we're hearing from customers
    + current CES comments scraped
    + social media piece
  + Is Typeform resolved? --> will be a great data point to asking around agent CSAT scores on follow up phone call
    + getting any callbacks or just the first one after the ST?

+ LP Return Incidents journey --> Jason has done a lot of work in the past
  + If we launch a LP incident return journey in Jan that mandates all customers must disassemble and repack their LP to receive a refund
  + What are all the considerations to make this process work less horribly (are there changes in wizards, when can those be in place, training, etc., what are the blind spots for rollout, do we need to go back to GRIM)
  + Jason/Melissa

[T] 2022.12.13:
+

[W] 2022.12.14:
+ Patty meeting
  + Hard to define impact of initiatives --> what would have happened and what did happen, need to find non-outreach group
  + A/B teset using closest group of Suppliers
+ Share the Estimated Supplier sizing doc with Oscar

[R] 2022.12.15:
+ 
    
[F] 2022.12.16:
+ Test around NPS sooner than later (what if we only have 1 survey, is it still actionable/useful)

## Outcomes

### Summary

### Artifacts
